fix(event_handler): security scheme unhashable list when working with router (#4421)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/core/event_handler/api_gateway.md

    No. Powertools adds support for generating OpenAPI documentation with [security schemes](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/authentication/), but it doesn't implement any of the security schemes itself, so you must implement the security mechanisms separately.

OpenAPI uses the term security scheme for [authentication and authorization schemes](https://swagger.io/docs/specification/authentication/){target="_blank"}.

> When you're describing your API, declare security schemes at the top level, and reference them globally or per operation. Remember to have the security configurations defined in the `security_schemes`, otherwise a `SchemaValidationError` will be raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Security schemes are declared at the top-level first. You can reference them globally or on a per path _(operation)_ level. **However**, if you reference security schemes that are not defined at the top-level it will lead to a `SchemaValidationError` _(invalid OpenAPI spec)_.
```
